what's going on guys i am both moose and
yep i am about to complete roadmaster
this was done in about three or four
days i just got um no master done a
couple days back and i made the decision
to go get Roadmaster done because I
wanted the collectible that comes along
with it and the Earl Thomas and the
hundred thousand coins on top that is a
nice little bonus but we got it done
relatively quickly I didn't think was
very hard wrote duel style took a little
while it was a little challenging I
guess at times you know it was tough to
get 90 90 on chemistry's or whatever our
styles i guess but overall not too
difficult to complete this set you
really just need you know 500,000 coins
probably is about what you need to
complete this and you get this
roadmaster collectible which still
doesn't have anything that it's going
towards it says hold on to this
important item for later in the year it
says the same thing on the Grandmaster
set item for the mutt master set now we
got this Earl Thomas we're going to
compare him with my current free safety
which is eric reid and he is a lot
better 95 speed is 3 better 96
accelerations 3 better player
recognition is 12 higher at 90 tackles
just one lower so I'm not really
concerned about that man coaches an 84
just crazy for a safety not really sure
if I'd ever put him in man coverage but
I guess I know I have the option now 95
zone coverage is ridiculous 88 pursuit
is crazy good and then the 90 hit power
is actually pretty good for old Thomas
and he also gives your entire team a
plus 2 to hit power so very very nice
for that suit is catching us as well
it's got 78 catching I mean air crews
got 75 catching which is pretty solid
but 78 is obviously even better let's
see the jumping 94 jumping is very good
obviously Eric Reid 95 pretty good as
well but girl Thomas is a fantastic item
I think I'm gonna hold on to him right
now and make my secondary just
absolutely ridiculous but I might sell
them in the future who knows we'll have
to wait and see on that but that will do
it for the video guys you know
roadmaster is done i guess i'll show you
my line up real quick you know what
it'll be like with earl thomas in the
lineup or at least my defense i should
say i should tell you guys i did pick up
that dez bryant i had to buy him for
around 350,000 coins you can see him
right there this is the offense real
quick but we'll do a lot of update video
another time
we'll put in Earl Thomas right now and
just see what the lineup looks like with
him in there maybe we'll even be a 93
overall at Wayne see not quite but he
did help me out either way he's gonna be
a fantastic player back there we got
Earl Thomas deone Bucannon who I just
had a game with four interceptions with
I don't know how he did it but he did
obviously Richard Sherman mutt master
Deion Sanders and then Brandon Flowers
so our secondary is absolutely filthy
and the rest of our defense is no
slouches either you know keighley
kerrigan terrell suggs off the edge
right there just some crazy good items I
really just need to upgrade my right end
really and then my entire defense is
going to be really really nasty so that
will do for the video guys thanks for
watching I hope you enjoyed if you did
please leave a like down below and let
me know what you want to see in the
future thank you guys for watching and
I'll see you later